In the last lecture we learned about this hierarchical injector and that we can choose between one instance
or multiple instances of the same service class.
I mentioned that the highest possible level is actually not tiap component.
So let's remove it here.
This providers array leave it in the constructor and leave the import.
But the highest possible level is in the app module.
Here we also have a provider's array added.
If you don't have it and here we can also provide the accounts service.
Make sure to also add to import at the top here then with that little addition heater we're making sure
that our whole application everything in our application receives the same instance of the service unless
it overrides it as we did before.
Now with that we can now even inject a service into another service because that's not possible by providing
it on a component level for dead.
We need to provide it in the AB module.
So let's say we want to lock something if we call actually in the accounts service.
So I would have to provide a logging service in my app module now and therefore I will simply comment
out providers here and why add component decorator's and I don't want to call logging service here anymore.
So we'll comment this out and I will actually leave injection here so that you have it for reference
if you download to code.
I'll also comment it out here at an account component.
Instead let's say I want to use this logging service and the account service and now I want to call
the log status change method there because this isn't yet the place where the status changes ever because
we added a new account or because we called update status.
So to use a service there generally we start in the same way we add a constructor and we checked our
logging service in this case set to type import this type at the top.
Make sure to add to import and we provided that an EP module.
So you could think that we are set to go.
We can now go to an account call logging service log the status change past the status here and do the
same year for update status you could think this is how we do it.
And it's not logical to think so but let's see if this works if we load our app we already get an error
can't resolve all parameters for an account service.
Something's not working.
The reason is if you inject a service into something this something needs to have some meta data attached
to it.
Now a component has some meta data because we have that component.
A directive has some metadata because we have a directive account or a service doesn't have any metadata.
It's just how Anglo works that we need to attach some metadata.
And of course not any metadata you shouldn't attach at component here.
There is a specific metadata you should attach in such cases it's at injectable which needs to be imported
from an angle or COOREY does tails and you are dead.
Now this service is injectable or that something can be injected in there to be precise.
So that's important.
You don't add at injectable to the service you want to inject but to the service very you want to inject
something.
So they're receiving service.
You could say that to be injected in service and you don't need to add it to any service if you don't
want to inject anything in a service like here for logging service.
You don't need to add add injectable only added If you expect to get something injected with this if
I now saved us and we let the AB reload.
Now it works.
And now you see that if Why save this we still Lagattuta console with the correct status.
The same happens if I click here.
But now everything is centralized into our service and now we're also injecting a service into a service